>> Hello.
I'm Georgia Shakti-Hill.
And I can't wait to share
the program with you
today that we are going
to do on Feng Shui
and I Ching with
two beautiful women
who have created a business
called Design Difference.
And they have so much
information to share with us.
We'll just get started as
soon as we can, "Living
in Balance on Shakti-Hill."
[THEME MUSIC]
I Ching and Feng Shui--
isn't it fascinating
how the language of China is
coming into our everyday living
and people are getting to
understand the gifts that there
are in other cultures
to share with us?
Well, we have two
gifts today, two women
who are going to share with us
much wisdom and light about I
Ching and Feng Shui.
Welcome.
>> Thank you.
>> Hello.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Thank you for having us.
>> Rosemary and Abbi, we are
so pleased to have you with us.
And you have created a business
called Design Difference.
And you've incorporated
all the wisdom
that you have from
years of experience.
And I just don't even know
where we should begin.
But, Rosemary, you
have written a book--
>> Yes, with my husband.
>> --that is called--
co-authored with your husband,
who is a famous
professor from MIT.
>> Yes, he is.
>> [LAUGHS] And you, yourself,
have an incredible background
in the Chinese philosophy.
>> Yes.
I taught Chinese Civilization
at Endicott College in Beverly,
Mass for a few years.
And then I went on
to Harvard Ed School.
And everything I ever
learned, I have to say,
I learned at Harvard.
>> Whoa.
>> [LAUGHS]
>> Well, good for Harvard.
>> Yeah.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Now we have Feng
Shuied the set today.
We have so many beautiful
things you have brought.
And we're going to be
talking about all of them.
And each of them will
change the energy.
Every single item has
a certain energy to it.
And, Abbi, you said you've been
an intuitive-- a practicing
intuitive for 20 years, and
Feng Shui consultant for 10.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> Wow.
How did those two
blend together?
>> Well, I think that I
incorporate mainstream
philosophy, as far as Feng Shui,
with a very unique intuitive
aspect, being able to
really sense an environment,
feel the energetics behind it.
>> Now, some people don't know
what either I Ching or Feng
Shui mean.
I know we're talking about
them more in our society.
But would you define
both of those terms?
>> OK.
I Ching is simply an ancient
oracle text, a book of wisdom,
composed very, very much the way
parts of the Old Testament are.
And if you apply hermeneutics
to the exegesis of the I Ching,
you find bits of folk wisdom,
you find wisdom sayings,
you find little pieces of
history, you find folk songs.
Because, in Chinese,
the rhymes--
the pattern is a rhyme.
You find puns.
You find jokes.
You find-- everything that
you find in the Old Testament,
you find in the I Ching.
There are great parallels.
And my husband was
just telling me today
that as they're doing the
excavation of the 3 Gorges Dam,
they are finding a consistent
level of mud silt, which
dates from about the time that
people theorize was the Great
Flood.
>> Oh.
>> And so what we're finding
is that there is historical
physical evidence, so that
when people say the Bible is
literally true, the
Bible is literally true.
And there are all kinds of
archeological discoveries
that substantiate that.
>> Well, and the Feng Shui--
and, Abbi, tell us
what is Feng Shui.
>> Well, I think Feng Shui is
really making yourself in tune
with your environment.
We tend to close ourself off.
We build structures that
have walls and fences
and everything.
And we alienate our self
with the environment.
We need to find is a
way of incorporating
the environment within our
own small integral group.
So with Feng Shui, you make
that transition more fluid.
And it enhances your
life and the way
we perceive things
on a daily basis.
>> You know, one of the things
that bothers me so much about
living in Southwest Florida is
we are in paradise and we have
built, especially on banks
and businesses, these sealed,
unhealthy, toxic buildings.
>> [LAUGHS]
>> And here we--
>> Where is the flow?
[LAUGHS]
>> And we're sitting
in air conditioning,
looking out at palm trees
instead of sitting under a palm
tree and enjoying life,
and being one with nature.
>> Now, you said you have used
a very practical approach with
Feng Shui in your
real estate business.
>> In my real estate business.
>> Yes.
>> In fact, I knew of Feng
Shui as a branch of Eastern
philosophy, very esoteric
with no practical validity
in the late 20th century, until
I got the listing from hell--
a house that had been on
the market for two years.
Every realtor in
town had had this.
And, of course, it
winds up in my desk
because I'm sort of the
St. Jude of real estate.
I take hopeless causes.
And we tried every traditional
marketing technique
with his house.
Nothing worked.
And, finally, I said,
oh, what the hell?
Let's try Feng Shui.
>> [LAUGHS]
>> So as the house was
being Fung Shuied--
and we hired a Feng
Shui consultant
because I didn't know
enough about it at the time.
I was sitting in my office,
doing my little real estate
things.
The first of three
offers that day--
>> Oh, wow.
>> --came in on a house that
had been on the market for two
years with no offers.
>> Not a coincidence.
No.
>> There are no coincidences.
>> We all know there
are no coincidences.
>> Three offers
in that same day.
>> Yes.
>> Oh, that's fabulous.
Oh, wow.
>> Yeah.
And so when I came to Southwest
Florida and began real estate,
I saw that there is
a terrible disparity
between the very professionally
done new developments, which
are so beautifully
packaged to sell,
and people who, in real
life with real homes,
trying to compete with a very
polished, professional product.
>> I hadn't thought
about-- like that.
>> And so I realized that
we need to repackage houses
for the resale market so that
they can compete and there is
a certain amount of parity.
And also, of course,
selling a house
has got to be one of the two
most stressful things you
can do in your life.
And when you do
it with Fung Shui,
you do it with a kind
of ease and confidence.
We try to make things just less
stressful for the poor seller.
>> So is that what the
business will be about,
the design difference?
>> Yes.
The design difference is that.
And then, of
course, we're really
happy to start from
scratch with people.
And I tried--
>> About planning.
>> With planning.
I tell people, you start
selling your house--
you start marketing
the house the day
you signed the
contract to buy it.
So, of course, I'm a
realtor so that's how--
>> That's how you think.
>> That's how I think.
>> Right.
Now, you have brought just
wonderful items for us.
One is St. Therese
of the Child Jesus.
And tell me about
this and Feng Shui.
>> Well, St. Therese is
considered to be the Saint
of modern times.
I have a traditional Italian--
I'm a good Italian
girl, Catholic girl,
16 years in Catholic schools,
two years at Brandeis.
And then, godless Harvard,
including the Divinity School.
I studied at the Law School, the
Business School, the Ed School,
the Yard, and the
Divinity School.
Because if you go to the Ed
School, you can cross-register.
Anyways, St. Therese
I have great devotion
to because she is a mystic.
And I found late in my
life, when I needed a label,
that I, too, am a mystic.
And I am very devoted to the
practice of centering prayer.
But I also participate in
charismatic Catholicism
and devotion to the Holy Spirit.
>> I like the idea of what
I call our people that I
interview often who are
intuitives and so forth like
you, Abbi, also,
is modern mystics.
And most people are
very comfortable with it
as terminology.
But tell us-- we
want to find out
a few of these facts
about Feng Shui.
I want to talk about some
of the beautiful gifts
that you have brought
us today, and I
don't know where to begin.
Behind us here we have three
items that you have brought.
And the one in the center--
because of where I placed it,
I put it in the fame section.
Now, tell me about what
that is and why that's
the fame part of our set.
>> Well, the plum blossom is
significant in when you just
look at it-- the beautiful
beauty of the blossoming
fruit--
the up and coming fruit.
And that's for prosperity.
So by placing it
in your fame area,
it will bring you prosperity
in that aspect of your life.
And I think that
you're enjoying that.
>> Well, you said, how about
if it's in your fame area?
I said, fine.
[LAUGHTER]
That works for me.
But we also had so much
fun with one of the things
that you brought me that
we're going to talk about.
And this is the frog.
And we have a little frog.
>> Oh, he doesn't
have a battery.
But you need to
put a battery in--
>> He would make noises.
[LAUGHTER]
>> --and he'll make
noises for you.
>> Now, see, I have another
understanding of frogs.
From the Native American,
it's a cleansing and things.
But what happens
if you see a frog
the first thing in the morning?
>> It's good luck for
the rest of the day.
>> And prosperity.
A frog in the kitchen is
wealth, is prosperity.
So don't chase them out.
Be kind to them.
>> That's right.
And the kitchen is
what feeds the home.
That's the center of the home,
the hearth and everything.
So there are things that
you can do in your kitchen.
One simple thing is
maybe putting up a mirror
behind the stove burners.
Because that will magnify it
to 8 instead of four burners.
So that will multiply the
abundance of the hearth.
>> Oh, OK.
And I had told you
about the frog,
that I had found
a little tiny frog
in my mailbox the other day.
And you said, oh, good.
Because prosperity, then, would
be coming through the mail.
>> Yes.
>> That's right.
>> [LAUGHS] So we
have the symbology.
>> Yes.
>> And that's what this is
so much about, the Feng Shui.
>> And I want to make
sure that people know that
if you're a Christian, you
can use Christian symbols.
If you're Jewish, you
can use Jewish symbols.
If you're a Muslim--
whatever you are, you don't
have to look like a Chinese junk
shop to use Feng Shui.
>> But the symbolism is isn't
necessarily what's behind it.
It's those subliminal
messages that we
get that makes our
subconscious in line
with our conscious mind that
brings fluidity to our lives.
>> And that's the way
the I Ching works.
It aligns the conscious
and the subconscious.
And neurolinguistic
programming--
when you have that,
you have truth.
You have instant the aha moment.
>> [LAUGHS] The aha.
We have to take a
break, aha, and we
will be right back about more
of I Ching and Feng Shui.
[THEME MUSIC]
Well, the book is "I Ching."
and it is by Kerson and Rosemary
Huang.
And the women are
Abbi and Rosemary,
and Feng Shui is the concept.
You are consultants, and the
business is Design Difference.
So that's what we're doing,
and the energy is very high
and it's very exciting.
I wanted to ask you
about the colors.
Because color, in Feng Shui, is
so powerful and so important.
So, Abbi, we've got--
you brought me a
beautiful red heart, too.
[LAUGHS] And along
with the red heart is
the power of the energy of red.
And what is that?
>> Red is very intense.
And when you see it, it
revs up an emotion in you
that's very energetic.
And if you're look-- let's
say you're a writer or looking
for new ideas or
something like that--
putting a splash of red in your
office or in your study will
help to get that energy
level up and rev that--
make your new ideas come
a lot more clear to you.
It just incites those things.
>> And here's her red scarf.
>> Yes.
[LAUGHTER]
>> And your red jacket.
>> Now, the power of purple--
and you've been telling me where
I need to place purple around.
We have some behind
us here that you
brought with tissue paper
and this beautiful angel.
What is that the
power of purple?
>> Purple is an
intensification of red.
It's the color of
royalty and privilege.
>> Oh, OK.
>> So it's rich--
a richer red than red.
>> So it is wealth
or it is prosperity.
>> Yes.
>> So it just
intensifies the red.
It takes it to another level.
>> It's an intensification.
And this is a paling.
Any variation of
red is luck, wealth,
and that's why you had
Chinese restaurants always red
and gold, always red and gold.
>> Now, you're dressed
in black and gold.
>> Black and gold.
Black is the symbol
of wealth, and gold--
it's pretty universal.
But I want to talk to you
about diamonds and crystals.
Because crystals, diamonds--
diamonds, especially--
and if you're the real thing,
you can wear imposters.
One of these is real,
and one of those is fake.
>> [LAUGHS]
>> And nobody--
>> On your hands?
OK.
>> Nobody knows the--
you can't see.
Well, anyway--
>> [LAUGHS]
>> One is real, one is fake.
And no one can tell
the difference.
The idea is that a diamond or
any crystal refracts light,
creates rainbows.
I mean, one of the things I
like to do at those long stop
lights in Naples is hold
my rings up to the light
and throw rainbows
all over my car.
>> Oh, that's fun.
>> Yeah.
It's fun.
>> What about green,
the power of green?
And what is that?
What does it bring to you?
>> Well, green is the fruits
of the Earth, basically.
And when you think of
green, automatically it
gives you that warm, seasonal,
healthy, healthy, green growing
feeling.
>> So do we have green?
>> Yes we have green
in front of us,
and we have green around us.
And it is just
healthy and natural.
>> And also, it's-- green
is the color of nature.
So God must love
green an awful lot.
>> [LAUGHS]
>> And there goes the Irish,
puffing themselves up.
Green, in America, is the color
of money-- green and black.
So green and black for wealth.
>> Now, I wanted to
touch upon I Ching again,
because it is an oracle.
And I use the I Ching.
I have for years.
I use it as--
with great respect, as
if it were an oracle
that I was actually
connecting the energy to when
I'm in a state of confusion
and want some clarity.
And you were kind enough to
do an I Ching hexagram for me
before you came today.
>> Yes, I did.
>> And you found that it was--
>> It was number 19 prevailing.
And the judgment line is
sign at the great sacrifice,
suspicious omen.
The main concern
of this hexogram
is the art of gaining
influence over people.
Here she is on national TV.
The advice is directed toward
a leader of the people,
in particular the king.
Better call the president, huh?
Persuasion through honesty and
sincerity is very much favored.
And the use of force
is discouraged.
>> Yes.
Well, I don't do that.
But I try to be as
honest as I can.
[LAUGHS]
>> OK.
And your first line is influence
people by persuading them.
And your last line is persuading
must be done with honesty.
>> OK.
>> OK?
>> So what you had done,
then, you did a little bit
of a mystical--
took a mystical moment in time,
and shared some wisdom with me
that I needed to know.
That's what the I Ching did?
>> But you already
knew that, Georgia.
>> But it reinforced.
[LAUGHTER]
Yes.
Now, in your business,
Abbi, what is your purpose?
What did the two of
you plan to accomplish
through Design Difference?
>> Well, as far
as I'm concerned,
I'm here to give people hope and
help them to align themselves,
be more centered,
be more in control,
and to guide them on a journey
that is prosperous and full
of love.
>> OK.
>> Abbi is a healer.
Abbi's a healer.
I'm an old '60s radical.
[LAUGHTER]
I'm here to change the world,
make it a better place.
Yeah.
I am particularly interested
in organizational development,
which I studied at Harvard.
And I'm interested in empowering
business organizations
so that employees can prosper.
And I love to shop at Walmart
at 3 o'clock in the morning
because all those people are
millionaires, and Home Depot.
The people who wait on
you are millionaires.
Isn't that fabulous?
>> That is.
>> Isn't that great?
>> Now, how do you
interpret that?
>> People who work at the Ritz--
somebody said, going
to the Ritz at Naples
is like going to Heaven because
you're treated so angelically.
>> [LAUGHS]
>> Isn't that great?
>> That is.
You had some words of
wisdom for me about my book,
and the cover of my book.
>> Yes, I do.
>> And I thought
that was fascinating.
>> This book is like being
in a community of masters.
You hold that up.
>> I'll hold it.
And then you can tell me what
you found that you thought
was-- that I needed to know.
>> Now, see how
beautiful her colors are?
And she has colors of
the higher chakras.
And she's perfect.
Perfect.
Here you are at the top chakra--
all these blues and
purples and pinks.
I mean, this is a
really advanced soul.
But what she's done here
with this metal belt
is to cut off her chi between
her lower chakras, which
are the Earth chakras,
the sexual creativity,
and her higher intuitive
creativity, generativity.
And so she's cut herself in
half with this metal belt.
>> So take the belt off.
>> Just take the belt
off, let it flow.
>> OK.
So you girls basically are
not wearing belts much.
>> We're not wearing belts.
But we certainly wear jewelry.
>> Oh, and you did mention that
we need to have jewelry on both
wrists.
>> Yes.
>> Now, tell me about that,
too, the jewelry on both wrists.
>> Do you remember
the "Wonder Woman"
cartoons and how she used to--
>> Oh, yeah.
Her metal--
>> Her metal bracelet
of gold wrists,
and so she used to deflect evil.
And, of course,
you want diamonds
wherever you can put them.
Because, again, they take in
the rainbows and refract light.
>> Refracting light.
>> Yeah.
>> OK, and that's good.
On your business
brochure you have water.
You have the waterfall.
And I know water is one
of the elements that are
very important for the flow.
What about water?
>> Water is very intense.
I mean, it can take
a very hard stone
and make it very
nice and smooth.
It's very tactile and fluid,
but yet very forceful.
And so if you put a fountain
in your home or whatever,
that constant flow and the
sound that you're getting
helps to relax you.
But, yet, it's intense and
it helps guide you forward.
>> And remember, water
is our natural element,
since we're conceived
in amniotic fluid.
Life is generated from the sea.
Water is a symbol of money.
And Feng Shui to me,
in Christian symbology,
is that the presence
of the Holy Spirit.
In the Old Testament,
whenever there's prophecy,
you hear about the
surface of the water being
rippled by the wind.
>> Ah,yes.
>> So there-- the wind
and the water, Feng Shui,
the Holy Spirit.
>> Now, you did also bring
a beautiful little angel.
And it's like, a little
mobile that moves around, too.
>> Now, tell me about it.
>> It's a little Christmas
ornament for your tree.
And we brought this
for you because you're
being beamed into space with
the satellites and the angels.
>> Oh, OK.
>> And we wish you great luck in
your TV production and your TV
life.
And we hope that you'll
be another Oprah.
[LAUGHTER]
>> That's my nickname, the
Oprah of Southwest Florida.
>> Well, why not be Oprah?
>> [LAUGHS]
>> Be Oprah, Oprah.
>> Now, also with the flowers
that you brought, too,
we have that rich red
color with the green.
So we have introduced
a lot of energy.
And I can feel a difference
in the energy that we--
that we have on the set.
>> I'd like to talk a little
bit about the businesses
we've worked with, and how
we have really enhanced
their prosperity--
>> Well, you know,
we don't have time.
>> --and their well-being
for-- oh, I'm sorry.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Just give me a bottom line.
You have enhanced the
prosperity of the businesses
with Feng Shui.
>> Yes.
Helped them multiply
their assets.
>> Increase and multiply.
>> Definitely.
>> And, do you know,
we're out of time.
>> Oh.
That went so fast.
>> And how wonderful--
[LAUGHTER]
We should have done an hour.
We needed it.
>> Next time.
>> Bless you both, and
thank you for being with us.
>> Thank you.
>> Now, if you would like to
be in touch with the Design
Difference Feng Shui
consultants, stay tuned.
[THEME MUSIC]
How wonderful it is when
people have found a way
to serve others doing
something that is so positive,
that is so supportive, that
is so prosperity enhancing.
And that's what
both of these women
have done, bringing
their energies together
with Feng Shui on
a basis of I Ching.
We thank you for being with us.
Until next time, I'm
Georgia Shakti-Hill.
[THEME MUSIC]